articles/README.md, before:

# Favorite Reads    
Stuff I like to remind myself of, or share with others.

### Work Approach, Organizational
- [Engineering Principles](http://engineering-principles.onejl.uk/)
- [Why every software engineering interview should include ops questions - Charity Majors](https://charity.wtf/2021/08/21/why-every-software-engineering-interview-should-include-ops-questions)
- [Being Glue - Tanya Reilly](https://www.programmingtalks.org/talk/being-glue)
- [What developer self service should look like - Kaspar von Grünberg](https://humanitec.com/blog/what-developer-self-service-shouldnt-look-like)
- [DevOps Topologies - Matthew Skelton and expanded by Manuel Pais](https://web.devopstopologies.com/)
- [OpenGitOps - GitOps Working Group (CNCF App Delivery SIG)](https://opengitops.dev/) 
- [Effective Mental Models for Code and Systems - Cindy Sridharan](https://copyconstruct.medium.com/effective-mental-models-for-code-and-systems-7c55918f1b3e)
- [Debugging Manifesto - Julia Evans](https://jvns.ca/blog/2022/12/08/a-debugging-manifesto)
- [A New Definition of Reliability - Jim Gochee](https://thenewstack.io/a-new-definition-of-reliability)
- [Recruiting developers into Site Reliability Engineering (SRE) - Ash Patel](https://www.srepath.com/recruiting-developers-site-reliability-engineering-sre-guide/)
- [How We Manage Incident Response at Honeycomb  - Fred Hebert](https://thenewstack.io/how-we-manage-incident-response-at-honeycomb/)
- [Perception Shaping - Ross Brodbeck](https://hross.substack.com/p/perception-shaping)
- [Why You Should Run Your Platform Team Like A Product Team - Gerald Yerden II](https://www.hashicorp.com/blog/why-you-should-run-your-platform-team-like-a-product-team)
- [An Intuitive Documentation Strategy - Rohit](https://abstraction.blog/2023/11/22/intuitive-documentation-strategy) 

# Videos
- [DevOpsDays Rockies 2022 - The Repeat Incident Fallacy](https://youtu.be/Zq8FNk8Tboo?t=17695)
- [Opinionated Infrastructure: Platform Engineering for Productivity. Golden Paths and Guardrails - RedMonk](https://redmonk.com/videos/opinionated-infrastructure-platform-engineering-for-productivity-golden-paths-and-guardrails/)

### Other Resources
- [Internal Developer Platform](https://internaldeveloperplatform.org/)
- [SLODLC](https://www.slodlc.com/)
- [SRE](https://sre.xyz/)

### Code 
- [Go Memory Ballast - Ross Engers](https://blog.twitch.tv/en/2019/04/10/go-memory-ballast-how-i-learnt-to-stop-worrying-and-love-the-heap/)
- [Tech Debt Day - Alex Ewerlof](https://blog.alexewerlof.com/p/tech-debt-day)
- [Darker Corners of Go - Rytis Bielinuas](https://rytisbiel.com/2021/03/06/darker-corners-of-go/)

### Monitoring / Observability
- [Monitor the Kubernetes API Server - Victor Hernando](https://sysdig.com/blog/monitor-kubernetes-api-server/?ck_subscriber_id=1569805027)
- [Monitor the Kubelet - Victor Hernando](https://sysdig.com/blog/how-to-monitor-kubelet/?ck_subscriber_id=1569805027)
- [Monitor the kube-controller-manager - Victor Hernando](https://sysdig.com/blog/how-to-monitor-kube-controller-manager/)
- [Handy tips for creating dashboards - Jessica White](https://jesswhite.co.uk/2018/04/09/impactfuldashboardspart1-post.html)
- [What makes a good alert? - Dan Slimmon](https://blog.danslimmon.com/2017/10/02/what-makes-a-good-alert)
- [Counting Forest Fires - Charity Majors](https://www.honeycomb.io/blog/counting-forest-fires)
- [Incident Retrospective Ground Rules - Lex Neva](https://www.honeycomb.io/blog/incident-retrospective-ground-rules)
- [How To Setup Burn-rate Windows Alerts On Service Level Objectives - Saheed Oladosu](https://oladosu777.medium.com/how-to-setup-multi-burn-rate-windows-alert-on-service-level-objectives-1338e87963a8)
- [How We Reduced Out Prometheus Infrastructure Footprint By A Third - Raphaël Bizos](https://medium.com/criteo-engineering/how-we-reduced-our-prometheus-infrastructure-footprint-by-a-third-8bf8171e46b1)
- [Uptime Guarantees: A Pragmatic Perspective - Itzy Sabo](https://world.hey.com/itzy/uptime-guarantees-a-pragmatic-perspective-736d7ea4)
- [How to write an Incident Postmortem (with example and template) - Jonathan Word](https://argoday.medium.com/how-to-write-an-incident-postmortem-9397244549fd)


## Reliability
- [Uptime Guarantees — A Pragmatic Perspective - Izzy Sabo ](https://world.hey.com/itzy/uptime-guarantees-a-pragmatic-perspective-736d7ea4)
- [Tiered Availablity Review - Ross Brodbeck](https://hross.substack.com/p/tiered-availability-review)
- [SREs Stop Asking Your Product Manager For SLOs - Kit Merker](https://devops.com/sres-stop-asking-your-product-managers-for-slos/)
- [The Invisible Success of Near Misses - Will Gallego](https://willgallego.com/2023/04/16/the-invisible-success-of-near-misses/)
- [SRE 101 - Ash Patel](https://www.srepath.com/site-reliability-engineering-101)
- [Retries – An interactive study of common retry methods - Sam Rose](https://encore.dev/blog/retries)
- [Improving Incident Recovery By using The SLI Pyramid - Boris Cherkasky](https://betterprogramming.pub/improving-incident-recovery-by-using-sli-pyramid-94fe906a5df8)
- [On Chains and Complex Systems - Lorin Hochstein](https://surfingcomplexity.blog/2023/12/23/on-chains-and-complex-systems)
- [The Courage to Imagine Other Failures - Lorin Horchstein](https://surfingcomplexity.blog/2023/12/22/the-courage-to-imagine-other-failures/)
- [How Complex Systems Fail - Richard I. Cook, MD](https://how.complexsystems.fail)

## K8s
- [Stop Using CPU Limits](https://home.robusta.dev/blog/stop-using-cpu-limits)
- [ETCD Getting 30% more writes - Sam Lockart](https://zendesk.engineering/etcd-getting-30-more-write-s-318bcdbf7774)
- [How To Write An Operator For Anything - Noah Kantrowitz](https://coderanger.net/how-to-operators)

## Infra
- [Terraform CLI Args - Suraj Narwade](https://surajincloud.com/terraform-cli-args-define-once-use-again-and-again)
- [Service Mesh Landscape - Layer5](https://layer5.io/service-mesh-landscape)

## Gitops
- [How to Model Your GitOps Environments and Promote Releases between Them - Kostis Kapelonis](https://codefresh.io/blog/how-to-model-your-gitops-environments-and-promote-releases-between-them)


## Other lists
- [awesome-slo](https://github.com/steveazz/awesome-slo)
- [awesome-container-tinkering](https://github.com/iximiuz/awesome-container-tinkering)
- [resilience-engineering - Lorin Hochstein](https://github.com/lorin/resilience-engineering)
- [awesome-runbook](https://github.com/runbear-io/awesome-runbook)
- [awesome-load-management](https://github.com/StanzaSystems/awesome-load-management)

## Outage lessons
- [Reddit Pi Day Outage - u/grumpimusprime](https://www.reddit.com/r/RedditEng/comments/11xx5o0/you_broke_reddit_the_piday_outage/)

## 101 concepts
- [AlertManager Best Practices - Javier Martínez](https://dev.to/sysdig/prometheus-alertmanager-best-practices-4872)

Commit message:

fix: some quick spring 2024 tools

articles/README.md, after:

# Favorite Reads    
Stuff I like to remind myself of, or share with others.

### Work Approach, Organizational
- [Engineering Principles](http://engineering-principles.onejl.uk/)
- [Why every software engineering interview should include ops questions - Charity Majors](https://charity.wtf/2021/08/21/why-every-software-engineering-interview-should-include-ops-questions)
- [Being Glue - Tanya Reilly](https://www.programmingtalks.org/talk/being-glue)
- [What developer self service should look like - Kaspar von Grünberg](https://humanitec.com/blog/what-developer-self-service-shouldnt-look-like)
- [DevOps Topologies - Matthew Skelton and expanded by Manuel Pais](https://web.devopstopologies.com/)
- [OpenGitOps - GitOps Working Group (CNCF App Delivery SIG)](https://opengitops.dev/) 
- [Effective Mental Models for Code and Systems - Cindy Sridharan](https://copyconstruct.medium.com/effective-mental-models-for-code-and-systems-7c55918f1b3e)
- [Debugging Manifesto - Julia Evans](https://jvns.ca/blog/2022/12/08/a-debugging-manifesto)
- [A New Definition of Reliability - Jim Gochee](https://thenewstack.io/a-new-definition-of-reliability)
- [Recruiting developers into Site Reliability Engineering (SRE) - Ash Patel](https://www.srepath.com/recruiting-developers-site-reliability-engineering-sre-guide/)
- [How We Manage Incident Response at Honeycomb  - Fred Hebert](https://thenewstack.io/how-we-manage-incident-response-at-honeycomb/)
- [Perception Shaping - Ross Brodbeck](https://hross.substack.com/p/perception-shaping)
- [Why You Should Run Your Platform Team Like A Product Team - Gerald Yerden II](https://www.hashicorp.com/blog/why-you-should-run-your-platform-team-like-a-product-team)
- [An Intuitive Documentation Strategy - Rohit](https://abstraction.blog/2023/11/22/intuitive-documentation-strategy) 

# Videos
- [DevOpsDays Rockies 2022 - The Repeat Incident Fallacy](https://youtu.be/Zq8FNk8Tboo?t=17695)
- [Opinionated Infrastructure: Platform Engineering for Productivity. Golden Paths and Guardrails - RedMonk](https://redmonk.com/videos/opinionated-infrastructure-platform-engineering-for-productivity-golden-paths-and-guardrails/)

### Other Resources
- [Internal Developer Platform](https://internaldeveloperplatform.org/)
- [SLODLC](https://www.slodlc.com/)
- [SRE](https://sre.xyz/)
- [SRE Interviews](https://github.com/mxssl/sre-interview-prep-guide)

### Code 
- [Go Memory Ballast - Ross Engers](https://blog.twitch.tv/en/2019/04/10/go-memory-ballast-how-i-learnt-to-stop-worrying-and-love-the-heap/)
- [Tech Debt Day - Alex Ewerlof](https://blog.alexewerlof.com/p/tech-debt-day)
- [Darker Corners of Go - Rytis Bielinuas](https://rytisbiel.com/2021/03/06/darker-corners-of-go/)

### Monitoring / Observability
- [Monitor the Kubernetes API Server - Victor Hernando](https://sysdig.com/blog/monitor-kubernetes-api-server/?ck_subscriber_id=1569805027)
- [Monitor the Kubelet - Victor Hernando](https://sysdig.com/blog/how-to-monitor-kubelet/?ck_subscriber_id=1569805027)
- [Monitor the kube-controller-manager - Victor Hernando](https://sysdig.com/blog/how-to-monitor-kube-controller-manager/)
- [Handy tips for creating dashboards - Jessica White](https://jesswhite.co.uk/2018/04/09/impactfuldashboardspart1-post.html)
- [What makes a good alert? - Dan Slimmon](https://blog.danslimmon.com/2017/10/02/what-makes-a-good-alert)
- [Counting Forest Fires - Charity Majors](https://www.honeycomb.io/blog/counting-forest-fires)
- [Incident Retrospective Ground Rules - Lex Neva](https://www.honeycomb.io/blog/incident-retrospective-ground-rules)
- [How To Setup Burn-rate Windows Alerts On Service Level Objectives - Saheed Oladosu](https://oladosu777.medium.com/how-to-setup-multi-burn-rate-windows-alert-on-service-level-objectives-1338e87963a8)
- [How We Reduced Out Prometheus Infrastructure Footprint By A Third - Raphaël Bizos](https://medium.com/criteo-engineering/how-we-reduced-our-prometheus-infrastructure-footprint-by-a-third-8bf8171e46b1)
- [Uptime Guarantees: A Pragmatic Perspective - Itzy Sabo](https://world.hey.com/itzy/uptime-guarantees-a-pragmatic-perspective-736d7ea4)
- [How to write an Incident Postmortem (with example and template) - Jonathan Word](https://argoday.medium.com/how-to-write-an-incident-postmortem-9397244549fd)


## Reliability
- [Uptime Guarantees — A Pragmatic Perspective - Izzy Sabo ](https://world.hey.com/itzy/uptime-guarantees-a-pragmatic-perspective-736d7ea4)
- [Tiered Availablity Review - Ross Brodbeck](https://hross.substack.com/p/tiered-availability-review)
- [SREs Stop Asking Your Product Manager For SLOs - Kit Merker](https://devops.com/sres-stop-asking-your-product-managers-for-slos/)
- [The Invisible Success of Near Misses - Will Gallego](https://willgallego.com/2023/04/16/the-invisible-success-of-near-misses/)
- [SRE 101 - Ash Patel](https://www.srepath.com/site-reliability-engineering-101)
- [Retries – An interactive study of common retry methods - Sam Rose](https://encore.dev/blog/retries)
- [Improving Incident Recovery By using The SLI Pyramid - Boris Cherkasky](https://betterprogramming.pub/improving-incident-recovery-by-using-sli-pyramid-94fe906a5df8)
- [On Chains and Complex Systems - Lorin Hochstein](https://surfingcomplexity.blog/2023/12/23/on-chains-and-complex-systems)
- [The Courage to Imagine Other Failures - Lorin Horchstein](https://surfingcomplexity.blog/2023/12/22/the-courage-to-imagine-other-failures/)
- [How Complex Systems Fail - Richard I. Cook, MD](https://how.complexsystems.fail)

## K8s
- [Stop Using CPU Limits](https://home.robusta.dev/blog/stop-using-cpu-limits)
- [ETCD Getting 30% more writes - Sam Lockart](https://zendesk.engineering/etcd-getting-30-more-write-s-318bcdbf7774)
- [How To Write An Operator For Anything - Noah Kantrowitz](https://coderanger.net/how-to-operators)

## Infra
- [Terraform CLI Args - Suraj Narwade](https://surajincloud.com/terraform-cli-args-define-once-use-again-and-again)
- [Service Mesh Landscape - Layer5](https://layer5.io/service-mesh-landscape)

## Gitops
- [How to Model Your GitOps Environments and Promote Releases between Them - Kostis Kapelonis](https://codefresh.io/blog/how-to-model-your-gitops-environments-and-promote-releases-between-them)


## Other lists
- [awesome-slo](https://github.com/steveazz/awesome-slo)
- [awesome-container-tinkering](https://github.com/iximiuz/awesome-container-tinkering)
- [resilience-engineering - Lorin Hochstein](https://github.com/lorin/resilience-engineering)
- [awesome-runbook](https://github.com/runbear-io/awesome-runbook)
- [awesome-load-management](https://github.com/StanzaSystems/awesome-load-management)
- [The Go libraries that never failed us: 22 libraries you need to know - Robert Laszczak](https://threedots.tech/post/list-of-recommended-libraries/)
- [Linux Crisis Tools  - Brendan Gregg](https://www.brendangregg.com/blog/2024-03-24/linux-crisis-tools.html)

## Outage lessons
- [Reddit Pi Day Outage - u/grumpimusprime](https://www.reddit.com/r/RedditEng/comments/11xx5o0/you_broke_reddit_the_piday_outage/)

## 101 concepts
- [AlertManager Best Practices - Javier Martínez](https://dev.to/sysdig/prometheus-alertmanager-best-practices-4872)
